azure 19.1.0 (#1122)
giantswarm/releases: azure/v19.1.0/README.md

# :zap: Giant Swarm Release v19.1.0 for Azure :zap:

This is a maintainance and security release, featuring latest Flatcar Container Linux and Kubernetes versions. 

> This is the release preparing for the migration away from Pod Security Policies(PSP) in favor of Pod Security Standards(PSS) in Kubernetes 1.25. Newly installed application called `security-bundle` will deploy `kyverno` in `audit` mode, which will validate the existance of the policies and exceptions for the PSS implementation. For more information please read our official [documentation](https://docs.giantswarm.io/advanced/security-policy-enforcement/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the release preparing for the migration away from Pod Security Policies (PSP) in favor of Pod Security Standards (PSS) in Kubernetes 1.25. Our `security-bundle` is now installed by default, and will deploy `kyverno` and `restricted` level PSS policies in `audit` mode. These resources are provided in order to allow time to create exceptions for workloads which need them before the policies are changed to `enforce` in a future release. For more information please read our official [documentation](https://docs.giantswarm.io/advanced/security-policy-enforcement/)
```
